Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to this installment of Harmontown.
I am Brandon Johnson, sitting in for the lovely Jeff Davis.
We miss you so much.
Can't wait to have him back.
It's so good to be here.
Glad you tuned in.
Put on your shit in pants.
Get ready to take a shit, because we're taking you to Harmontown.
Let me bring to the stage someone you know and love,
and you know you love him, Spencer Crittenden.
Dear, dear, and aren't you so lucky?
They call him the wonder.
They call him the 20th wonder of downtown Pomona.
Rock Schrab.
Let's bring him to the stage.
He looks so good.
Don't you agree?
And last but not least, from an Ikea bed,
$79 we're offering a special right now here in Harmontown.
The first 15 callers gets his bed for $74.
The mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yo, wake up sleepyhead.
Yo, rapping in bed.
Yo, I'm just a rapping sleepyhead.
Yo, I didn't want to be awake, but I got to get out for your mama's sake.
I got to fuck her pussy, I got to fuck her butt.
I got to kiss her tail.
I start to nut.
I got to stay in bed and play Minecraft,
but I like to fuck your mama in her crack.
So I got to try to be a master of both worlds.
I got to fuck your mama and all the other girls.
Yo, when I go to the street, thank you for getting me back on beat.
I'm just a Minecraft bed, rapping motherfucker.
I fucked your mom like my name was Chris Tucker.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes, Tucker.
Good morning. Good morning, everybody.
Good morning, Daniel.
How'd you sleep?
Did you have any great dreams?
Good, yeah.
You sounded like you were having a nightmare.
And you were there.
I was merely a fly who dreamt of being a man.
And now the fly has awakened.
Oh, that's great.
Let's see.
What have we got here?
And then let's get back to bed.
We ordered french fries.
No, we didn't.
All right, composite sketches in true crime shows.
I noticed that in all stories, true crime stories,
in which the composite sketch actually plays an active role,
the people are always like, and the sketch came through.
And when you look, and then we found him at the train station,
he looks exactly, you could, it's like they drew a photograph of him
and then they show it split screen and it's either,
it's like the most information you could get from a composite sketch
is the person's race.
Like that's it.
All it is is just a racist drawing of either a white guy
or a black guy or a Hispanic guy.
It never looks anything like the guy.
If it's a white guy, it looks like maybe the darkness of the hair is represented.
But they always do this big thing about how accurate the sketch was.
It's never accurate.
And police work doesn't seem to work.
Eyewitness accounts are garbage.
So the sketch by nature is going to be garbage.
Yeah, it's pretty crazy how people just get shit wrong.
The amount of like, what do you call them,
unjust, what are the technical terms,
the wrongful convictions.
Church for the wind.
The wrongful convictions that are turned over, it's fucking crazy.
Like when we came out with DNA and we opened that box and we're like,
oh man, everyone in prison is like, it's like a crapshoot.
It is crazy, but there's a thing called the Innocence Project.
I hope people know about it.
It is amazing.
There's a lot.
What was the thing though?
There was a little, there was like, who is it?
There was some case where the guy was like railing against the Innocence Project a little bit.
Bill Cosby.
No.
That would be amazing if he just bothered to, he's like, well, I'm here.
He's just ragging them up.
Since my stock can't go down anymore, I may as well experience being a villain.
I'm trying to do old Cosby.
But no, there was somebody, I can't remember who it was, but they were in the difficult
position of like, I don't know, some crazy case.
And then they were saying like, yeah, but the.
You must have quit.
The Innocence Project like wanted, they were claiming that the Innocence Project was like
pressuring them to, to fuck man.
It's like, it's not, it wasn't quite as simple as, because the Innocence Project isn't going
to want you to plea, plea out necessarily, but it was like something close to that where
basically because the guy wouldn't just do the thing that would make the Innocence Project
put another notch in their belt, they just, they just dropped them like a rock because
he was sticking to his actual convictions.
Yeah.
And I can't remember what the fuck it was, but anyways, whatever.
I mean, Gandhi was an asshole too.
You can look it up.
Like, like, like, like, it's a.
Let's not look it up.
Let's dive.
Let's have a deep dive tonight into what made Gandhi an asshole.
I think, I think he was racist.
Maybe I like, like against like maybe some race that maybe when he was growing up beat
up his dad.
I don't know.
Tonight on Harmontown, but you know, the irony is he would eat.
He ate that race that tonight on harm.
It was ravenous for them.
No, I.
I love that.
But more importantly, we need to understand, I would urge us.
I don't care what we think anymore, but I like, we got to stop our hero worship.
Like who care?
Gandhi, I'm sure he, you know, he probably like, he probably like owed somebody money.
You know, he probably cheated at cards.
And he loved eating that race.
Who cares?
You know, he did something.
He did one.
He did a good thing.
You know, somebody makes an album.
It's a good album.
Then you find out that they're a bad unicyclist like an all of a sudden fucking world falls
apart.
Like, like.
I just let's assume everyone sucks.
And then we'll be like, we're just begrudgingly interacting with anyone.
So it's like, yeah, he made that movie.
Yeah, we actually, we've fallen from this world where everybody was, you know, things were
so much classier and more heroic and gilded.
But yeah, we all also know that every time we pop the hood on any one of these people
from for that survives into the modern world, like they end up, it's like, Oh God, they
were a horrible piece of shit.
That's like the invitation there should probably be, you know, we got to stop expecting people
to be either gods or monsters, whatever.
You've heard the yammer.
Maybe the inspiration we can draw is that people are amazing even when they're just people.
So instead of us like judging the past, we could sort of be inspired by the fact that
despite the fact that Martin Luther King had mistresses and did all sorts of crazy sex
stuff and smoke marijuana that just came out.
And also as a co-kid that also just came out that we could still be inspired by him.
Yeah.
I mean, that's that's always been a good classic example because it's like so it's it's like
a yeah, Martin Luther King cheated.
Like he sees he was he was a philanderer.
He was like, he was not a perfect person.
He was like, and it's like, God damn, can yeah, like, like, I don't know.
It's it's hard.
Not bad for somebody who isn't perfect.
The problem is that we invented like all this technology that we can use to like it's
a black light.
Like we look at each other and then but like people are supposed to just be people.
That's what you're saying.
I just think it's crazy because why does someone assume that because you're good at rallying
people to fight for the rights, you're an excellent husband.
That's the thing that's the disconnect that's happening.
And that's the putting on a pedestal behavior, which is unhealthy and usually comes with
not viewing someone as a real person.
So in a way is kind of maybe dehumanizing after its fashion because we because it's
hero worship because hero worship gives us and I'm as guilty as anybody like we you want
to you want to live in a world where people become the focus, you know, like like individuals
so that you can go, OK, well, if that person turned out to be racist or a woman beater
or whatever it's good, that's a that was a close call because I was going to have to
stop eating meat for a second there.
And like like we focus on these people and then we go like but it's funny our capacity
for it doesn't always take the form of like cynicism like we we collectively but I think
we we do it like the wave like we one section of the Coliseum like rises up and says this
guy was the guy of Comey 2012.
Remember that guy?
That guy that made that video that that pretty much through no fault of his own just happened
to be viewed by 80 billion people.
And and then so then like while half of the world was like this is amazing.
It automatically makes the other half of your body go like why is it amazing?
Let's let's ask questions of the guy ends up in his street in the underwear in the underwear
jerking off in the San Diego street in his underwear.
I think that is a very interesting point.
I wonder if there's science to that because you do get a sense that people tend to bifurcate
into like binaries.
It's like if there's going to be a yes, then there's naturally going to be a no.
Yeah, it's like and it's more about like like a gut instinct or like a sociological thing
more than it is about the actual facts in a situation ever.
Yeah, I guess I always feel that way.
Like it's like, oh, I thought I liked so and so like you want to you want to get all in
for some reason like it's easier.
We should recognize it as a truly lethal instinct though this this this this this taste we have
for admiration of people because it's a it's a prelude to it's like a vampire bite.
It's like we're like hungry for their neck and we act like just because it's flattering
in the first step that the that we're not doing what we're doing, which is like we're
going to we're going to hurt that person.
There's this new thing where everyone is swapping out now Donald Glover based on his performance
this weekend for Kanye.
Poop de scoop.
They're saying on Twitter.
Well, I don't even know what that I don't worry about it.
It's all bad.
So it's this idea that like, oh, these people are interchangeable and Kanye failed us.
And now we good.
Thank God that he showed right up Donald Glover is right here and we we have our rapper.
It's a crazy thing and you're like, oh, these two are not related at all.
One person can be having a mental breakdown and the other person be having a great moment
in history and they're not either one or in service to you at all.
So it's crazy to watch us within 24 hours within a week.
Be like, well, we're done with Kanye.
Who's next?
Oh, how convenient.
He's there.
I mean, it's a total.
Yeah.
Well, that's look at what we do with our movie remakes and stuff.
We just go like, oh, breaking bad guy is bald now because he's not breaking bad.
He should be Lex Luthor.
Yeah, it's like the dumbest shit.
And that's where that's where racism comes from, too, because you go you go like, oh,
if you recognize if you can connect baldness as a dot, you sure are going to connect a
rapper and blackness and like specifically, you know, Donald is a fan of Kanye and like
clearly heavily influenced by him.
But but like, yeah, it is it is like fucked up that your brain goes there and goes, but
we've always had that.
It's like, you could only have one Kevorkian at a time.
You can only have one Dr. Ruth at a time, one Madonna, like Johnny Carson comes out.
He's going to make a there's only there's only five jokes you can tell.
And so who's the slut tarot card?
Is it Madonna or is it Dolly Parton because of her giant tits or, you know, like through
the decades?
Dolly Parton.
It kind of you kind of pick one, you know, the concept of Godwin's law like Dolly Parton
is really just saying like we do pick famous archetypes and just you run with those like
what's relevant.
And so the bad one is Hitler.
You can see that.
Dolly Parton.
She's the good one.
What is it?
You keep you always hated part.
Why?
What's your beef with Dolly Parton?
No, I'm just saying she's sexier than Hitler.
Yeah, I'm going to disagree.
It's controversial.
Yeah, it is.
I think that it's important to understand this stuff because it's like what you're what
we're talking about is like this oversimplification or something, this very late mental laziness.
And like, I think we need to understand the aspects of our human mind that do that because
like, for instance, I don't know, you tend to forget like you forget a phone number.
If you know a phone number is in your phone because your brain makes a mental shortcut.
It's like your brain's always defragging and trying to do things to save space and it's
making bad judgments and stereotypes to save space.
And we need to understand that.
But I think the concept of even admitting that is like it makes certain people insecure
or not feeling control or have to deny it.
And it's like, no, it's very freeing to understand what's actually going on behind the engine.
We just have to, you know, take that into account because we do have a car that needs to not break.
Right.
Yeah, you could forgive yourself.
You could go, oh, there I go again being human.
I guess.
Oh, sorry.
Change the oil.
I fucked up like because I'm a fucking monkey with a fucking robot brain stuck into my head
by a God that really just is experimenting as he goes.
And I'm like, I'm wound up and I'm like not used to living in concrete instead of a jungle.
And I fucked up.
I'm a monster right in that moment.
So like.
Yeah.
Because we also, here's the other thing, we don't know how to cope with happiness either
for the same reason.
Like we.
I'm getting there.
Yeah.
Are you learning how to cope with happiness?
Getting there.
Yeah.
I got the therapist, the therapist ordered, she didn't order me.
She told me that's the last thing.
Like I got to, I have to learn how to process happiness.
You want to, you want to go to the Buddhist temple with me tomorrow?
That's not how you process happiness.
You fucking hippie.
Wow.
Sorry.
He's right.
I saw Spencer going into egg slut one morning.
Oh yeah.
And he yelled at me and I heard a yell that sounded like Rob Schrab.
And I was like Rob Schrab, he doesn't be in Glendale.
And I turned around.
It was like seven o'clock in the morning.
And it was some other car that I didn't recognize and I didn't see him.
But I was like, I'm certain that was a Rob Schrab noise.
But I don't see any Rob Schrab sources.
I screamed egg slut.
And shamed him.
As you were going.
What did I think you said?
I texted you what I thought you said.
You said, I thought you said exit.
Exit.
Yeah.
I thought some like my first instinct was someone was telling me to leave.
That makes more sense than calling a business egg slut.
Yeah.
Slut.
I always knew you were such a slut.
How much do you?
Such a slut.
All these videos now, that Glover video.
You're such a slut, Spencer.
You're egg slut.
I love eggs.
I always knew.
I could always tell you you're such a little egg slut.
So loose with eggs.
You're so slutty with those eggs.
Egg slut.
Next to VL4.
I want to know what Dan's thought was.
Well, I just wonder.
I have the old school question about it, which probably doesn't even apply anymore.
Because I think it's kind of.
These are real names of businesses.
I'm just wondering.
Egg slut.
Wondering.
Texaco.
Yellow fever.
Baskin Robbins.
What is going on?
What kind of pop goes the world bullshit are we living in?
What?
Spencer, my Dungeon Master is walking into egg slut as I'm on the way to LA Fitness to
do push ups.
In Glendale.
Yeah.
I was just wondering.
And the world keeps on turning.
It keeps turning.
One day turns into the next day.
And now I'm talking about my Dungeon Master going into egg slut before I go into LA Fitness
to do push ups.
In Glendale.
It's the promos for push ups.
Good thing George Carlin's dead.
You're the new George Carlin.
I know.
There can't be two old white guys doing this.
You think I'm white?
You were saying you'd watched a bunch of videos.
I don't know what all these Donald Glover videos are.
I watched a childish video and I was just, I'm just, I'm just finding myself wondering
because I'm 45.
Like, wait, do you think, are the, are the, are the, are the wonors, wonors?
No.
That's all CG.
Oh yeah.
I was wondering about that.
You don't think there is some compositing?
Well, I'm sure there's, and he's like, nothing really went in front of the camera, but I
mean, there was one when they go with just before.
I mean, if you sit down and look at, if you look at something like Birdman, if you're
watching for it, you could kind of say, oh, they probably did it there.
It's like a camera turn or something like that.
I'd have to go through it.
Well, I'm saying what this, but at this point, do you think if you go through it, because
I remember that's where we were with the Collier Boy friend video.
Like I was like watching and like, okay, okay, they changed there.
They changed there.
But now I think we're at the point where they might have, you could, you don't, you don't
have to have a fucking waiter walk through frame in order to like fake a, a winner.
Right.
That's true.
I mean, I'm sure they did as much of it as humanly possible, just knowing, knowing.
Knowing those crazy guys.
I do not think it was a winner.
Yeah.
But they made it look effortless and they made it look seamless.
So, you know, they deserve, they deserve, they deserve my thumbs up.
I'm going to click on that.
Add it to the 10 million views.
I just saw what I pulled it up.
Yeah.
And that's just since yesterday.
That's, that's quite a Monday morning when nobody wants to work.
That's going to triple.
I really got to watch that Atlanta show.
Yeah.
Did you like the video that you watched?
Yes, I did.
I guess you're kind of compelled to be.
Yeah.
But I like Atlanta for the same reason I thought those are very interesting music videos just
because it's like, I, I don't know.
I can't.
Who could make this?
It's like, it's just like, it's, I want to see it because it's like, I couldn't do
it.
It's from outside your, your world.
Yeah.
It's from outside your tendencies.
It's from outside.
Yeah.
I mean, that's, that's the crazy thing about Glover is like when, when he was just the
funny kid on the set, like you still knew he had a 350 IQ and there was always something
frightening underneath about it.
Like because he was just so fucking smart.
And, and you could see that he would just, it was like, he was just, he was like a stem
cell, but that's not, not the way Bob Dylan was where there's a lot of detractors of Bob
Dylan where they go like, oh, all he did was hang out and like learn, learn shit.
Like, I don't think, I don't think Glover's like that.
Like, it was just like, he was young, but he was like, he's just like, like, like, like
he's, he's, he could have done anything and now he's like at that century post and it's
like just from outside.
That's all you know is that it's lateral.
Like it's, it's, it's, it's, it's crazy.
Like, like I haven't watched the fucking show yet, but, but I, but I watched that video
and I read his, his profile piece in, in whatever magazine was.
And it was like, oh, that was always when you look backwards, you can see so clearly
the, the, the growth, but like looking forward, you would never know if you went back in time
and you were like, he's gonna, he's gonna do that.
You ever think you two will make up?
I don't think we're fighting.
I'm trying to start something.
I remember him saying in his Instagram and he hoped he didn't, I didn't hate him or whatever.
Did you ever reply to anything?
I've seen him since then.
Yeah.
We had, we had, we had a little meet and greet like probably two years ago now.
For Deadpool cartoons.
It wasn't for Deadpool.
A different cartoon?
No.
Are you sure?
It wasn't, we ended it, we, we, we, we, we, we were just catching up.
Yeah.
See that, that Affinity War?
You ever see that show?
Yeah.
Affinity War came out.
You talking about the Marvel movie?
Pretty sure he's talking about the movie.
Yeah.
The guys are in it.
Let's do Rob Schrab's top three Infinity War spoilers.
Okay.
There's a segment.
All right.
Rob Schrab.
Number one.
No, no, no.
Infinity War rap.
Who gives me a beat?
We all do.
Number four.
Wait.
Infinity Wars.
The spoilers are here.
It's time to hear what happened in Infinity Wars before you see it.
The Infinity Gauntlet is, which is.
Shame on you.
That could be nice actually.
A beat like that.
You get it.
Well, okay.
Am I, Brad?
What?
I said the format is fucking up my shit.
Let's start from scratch.
Because I like this segment.
Let's take this back.
Here's how we do it.
God.
We'll do a beat.
We'll do a beat while I rap.
And then we'll, I'll rap for two measures.
I think they're called measures, right?
Bars.
Bars?
The show opens in three nights, people.
I rap for two bars.
I remember like the joke Jeff does.
And then, and then, and then drop, drop the bottom out of that fucker.
Go, go dry.
And then, and then Schrab will do an Infinity War spoiler.
And then after, after it's finished, bring that beat back, et cetera.
So it's kind of like a 10 list effect.
These are spoilers.
These are things that.
These are infinity.
These are Rob Schrab's Infinity War spoilers.
Cover your ears now.
They could also be fake spoilers.
Cover your ears now and don't spread the spoil after I spoil.
Well, what if we're here, you know, as part of a performance we have to give.
What do you tell you?
Otherwise want to hear these spoilers.
What's that?
Someone may not have heard these spoilers is what you're saying.
That's on stage right now.
Somebody might not have heard these spoilers and I'm about to spoil the spoilers.
So don't retweet the spoilers.
Quote the spoilers.
Spoil.
Get hints about the spoilers because you're just going to spoil it for everybody else.
So if you haven't seen Infinity Wars and you want to be.
Unspoiled.
Thank you.
Cover your ears now because it's about to get spoiling.
Okay.
And also I'm going to say let's make this a 10 minute bit.
All right.
That way people can fast forward.
I'm just going to say this that some of the spoilers are kind of dumb and don't really
pay off.
Wait, well, you're not really going to do actual spoilers.
What are we doing?
What?
I don't want real spoilers.
Maybe one real spoiler, two fake spoilers.
I'm going to get four spoilers and three of them are going to be fake and one is going
to be real.
And then at the end of my spoiling, you're going to pick which is the spoiler.
I don't like.
Okay.
No.
Moving on.
Because I don't want to deal in real spoilers.
Let's hit the wrap.
Let's do the four wraps, though.
No, no, no, no.
Let's just have silence between the wraps.
I feel like so many wraps already.
I thought you were going to do joke spoilers.
What?
You didn't even see the fucking movie and what you're talking about.
Well, so you were going to do it.
So can we see some, let's just, let's just do the spoilers.
Let's do three spoilers.
What you're getting angry at is that you like, you committed so much.
You convinced me.
Well, you dick.
Three spoilers.
Drop that beat.
Drop it.
Yeah.
Infinity.
Infinity war spoilers.
This is the segment where infinity gets spoiled.
Deal with it.
Oh, Thanos.
Is that two bars?
Yeah.
Welcome, boys and ghouls.
I'm the spoiler.
Oh.
Sounds like some Crip Creeper.
The fourth spoil of the infinity wars is that the infinity gauntlet is finite.
Yeah, infinity war spoilers.
Yeah, yeah.
No, no, you don't need to see it.
My health shake is almost finished.
He just took a stick and peed it.
Yeah, infinity war spoilers.
Yo, Rob Schrab's infinity war spoilers.
Avengers.
Oh, no.
I'm a red spoiler.
I'm the bad guy of this spoiling.
Okay.
There are three Scarlett Johansson cameos in infinity wars.
Yeah.
Spoilers.
It's a more complicated.
The first.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
Subset of infinity war spoilers is this guy.
Spoilers.
Three.
Her role in the professional as Natalie Fortman.
Your picture didn't know Scarlett Johansson was pretending to be Natalie Fortman as a
child in the professional.
Okay.
That's that's the that's one of three of that guy's spoilers.
We can just do the first one.
Okay.
Otherwise, that's kind of like eight spoilers.
Or seven.
Yeah.
Spoilers, it's a more complicated bit than you could have participated.
Yo, it's a complicated movie full of Marvel characters that are going to get spoiled.
The Hulk.
I'm a grandma spoiler.
We in the third act of the infinity wars.
There was a mishap on the stage and nobody cleaned it up and it's in the movie.
Rap.
Yo, behind the scenes spoilers about behind the scenes BTS spoilers from the grandma's
point of view.
Yo, this stuff doesn't rhyme.
It's just interstitial styrofoam.
Thor's friend.
I'm the original spoiler.
Wow.
Okay.
I'm going to take this last spoil and jump on my balloon and you'll never get it.
Goodbye.
Oh, no.
Of course, the spoiler would spoil spoiling.
Yeah.
Damn it, spoiler.
Wait, guys, I'm going to send our other amazing current character MC gun control after the
spoiler.
MC gun control.
It's me, MC gun control awareness gun control.
I'll go get the spoiler using the AR 15, the most devastating weapon in terms of human
lethality, combining a body count greater than all other previous gunpowder based weapons
put together.
Keep away from me, you fucking gun.
The punisher.
I'm going to use awareness to shoot down his balloon.
Aware wolf.
Using my awareness firing rifle.
A female aware, where will be aware restness.
Oh boy.
Okay.
We're rusty.
I went over by Mike Chile's house and got a fucking stone by his house.
Yeah.
Just outside.
He didn't even know I was there.
It's a sketchy area.
That's fucked up.
I wouldn't do drugs.
Why am I not high?
How come everybody's high but me all the time?
Do you want me to go get drugs?
You don't answer texts.
Yeah.
Because you don't.
I met a fan.
Answer your phone.
I met a fan who gave us this this free pot stuff.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, give me some.
Give me kind of what what situation was it though?
What?
Because when we were in Chicago.
Oh, sorry.
When we were in Chicago, somebody handed me four pounds of edible weed gels.
Oh my God.
Do you remember that?
Do not.
It was after the show and the guy came up to me had no shoes on and a wet corduroy suit.
Oh, is that Levi?
That sounds like Levi.
It was kind of wet.
No shoes.
Sounds like Levi.
Was that raining outside?
No shoes.
That part, no.
It wasn't raining.
That's why I was like.
Oh, that's cool to get to the show.
And he had to be a ton of pot.
Is that a thing?
Do people hand you pot?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, Spencer's Spencer's kind of like a what we in Minecraft would call a vacuum hopper.
Or what you normies would call a lightning rod.
Having a guy on the show that's a little more like like it's like it's like I assume people
do most of the tongue related stuff when they went to kiss concerts to Gene Simmons, even
though they all had tongues.
The show's just for you now.
They all had tongues.
That was a strange time when kiss was around and Gene Simmons was like the guy that liked
sticking his tongue out.
That was like his thing.
And like he would stick his tongue out and my mom would go terrible.
I was like, well, it's almost pointless to say it.
But it just it's still it still makes the mind real.
Like when you just look at what what our parents were frightened of and us.
I mean, I was a kid and I was like, boy, George, uncomfortable.
You know, like, I was like, my brother was into all this cool music, like boy, George
and Prince and all that stuff.
We've talked about that before.
I was like, I was like, I'll just stay with my Phil Collins because I just I'm not that
confident in my and exploring these boundaries that these top 40 singers are exploring.
But like and then and then the things that your parents were were like, you got to go
to a special camp.
If you had a poster of it on your wall, it's just dudes in makeup.
Just like guys that just wanted to look pretty.
It's kind of amazing.
I mean, we all you say Phil Collins.
Can I just have what era Phil Collins?
Sususudio.
Yeah.
No jacket required.
I've been over this.
I mean, the real thing is that my brother had tasted music.
I did not.
That was great.
There was a Genesis eight track in the basement next to the eight track player.
There was it was like one of five eight tracks.
Like I just and I just so I just listened to the same thing over and over again.
And then so then as I hit puberty and it was like time to get my first album, you know,
because I was like getting hormones in my body.
I was like, I'm going to get an album for my birthday, not a toy truck.
I was like, I don't I don't have any favorite bands.
So just sort of tracking fucking Phil Collins.
So you didn't like Phil Collins?
You were just now just acknowledging that probably not a lot of people that are music
musicies.
They're probably not like, you know, now I'm so old, it doesn't matter now.
Now it's like being into like a fucking Mel Tormey or something.
It's like it could be it could be as cool as it is.
It could be anything.
You know who I like?
You know who I discovered late in life that I've been a fan of my entire life because
like I was listening to YouTube and it just like, you know, just kind of randomly goes
over to the something that has the same tags or whatever.
I was listening to some, I don't know, some 80 song and it just took me to a Billy Ocean
playlist.
And I knew every lyric and I was super happy.
And by the time the 16 songs were done, I was like, I guess I'm a big fan of Billy Ocean.
He's an ocean of hits.
He really is.
He really is, Dan.
I'm not even kidding about that.
He has a lot more hits than a lot of people think.
He has two hits.
No.
Count them off.
Don't do it.
Billy Ocean's hits.
Number 10.
Carabin Queen.
No.
She's wearing the same thing.
What's number one?
Yeah, exactly.
You got.
Get out of my dream school.
Number seven.
Because that's it.
There you go.
Love a boy.
Okay.
All right.
Number six.
Six.
Billy Ocean's ocean of hits.
Number six.
There'll be sad songs to make you cry.
Love songs holding true.
Not a hit.
You know what I'm doing.
But he lasted longer than Ricky Martin at this point for sure.
He's got a lot of hits.
If you like his music, there's a lot of hits.
Did you watch the videos as well, though?
Is that part of my...
You gotta watch the videos.
Something tells me.
Because inexplicably, fucking a lover boy is a sci-fi video where he rides a horse to
a cave and inside the cave is a fucking Star Wars canteen.
Yeah.
Fuck you, Billy Ocean.
I love you.
He's dressed like Han Solo.
He's got the white shirt and black vest.
It's just like, let me be.
I don't care.
I want to be your lover boy, but I also want to be Han Solo.
I want to be a cave.
I need to get off tattooing.
Cody was wearing a neoprene jacket.
And she was talking about how she's like, I love my neoprene jacket.
And I call her my bean.
And then I was like, neoprene bean.
Now she's wearing neoprene.
And she's like, what are you...
That's really catchy.
What are you doing?
I'm like, Billy Ocean.
Why do they call it neoprene again?
Why is it neoprene?
Because it's not your mom's preen.
Neoprene.
What is the texture of the neoprene?
Is it soft?
It's like scuba suit.
It's like a scuba suit.
Slightly spongy sort of skin.
It's what Robert Redford had to wear in order to keep from the heat detectors from picking
neakers.
And sneak eakers.
Did you have a little hiccup in the middle of that?
Yeah.
Well, it was the same suit.
Neoprene me.
But yeah.
Warrant's eakers.
If there's anything that's three syllables and then a fourth syllable that's separated,
I always think of Billy Ocean.
If someone goes, can I get some of those Styrofoam eggs?
I go, Styrofoam eggs.
Get out the exit, boobah.
There's another thing like that.
What is it?
What is the song?
I can't remember.
Girls on film or boys on film?
Girls on film.
Any three syllables.
No.
Girls on film.
It's another thing where it's like.
Billy Idol's Eyes Without a Face.
His lawyer without a case.
Baseball without a face.
What was the song Billy Ocean did for the Jewel of the Nile?
Oh, Jewel of the Nile.
What was it?
Oh, right.
Remember that one?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, Jesus.
Go and get tough.
Get going.
Go and get rough.
Tough, get rough.
In a head.
I'll climb any mountain.
I'll do anything.
Ooh, can I touch you?
Can I touch you?
Wow.
Yeah, you did.
Do the things that lovers do.
You spent time there.
Oh, my ass cheeks.
Uh-oh.
Stuck together.
Why?
Peanut butter.
Peanut disease.
Peanut Butter.
I know I know in your street culture that you just you don't want to do it the same way twice, but street culture
Look, we've got we've got a customer to serve. So I mean we got a platinum record all half in the can
Can we just take it from the top? All right. Let's just just get this shit done. Okay. I have to go to my mother's house after this
All right, you know one just one. Thank you one. Thank you. That's all before I die, mom
One Billy this wall is covered and I gotta move the history that is taken with your Sunday fucking afternoon
I'm recording here. I gotta go from here Billy and move my mom's couch
Thank you and then when I go hey, can you mind moving the pickup truck so I can take my
She gives me that look
You know, you know, I'm done
What is this a contract what the fuck Billy we're not the ones and it's slowly and looking at you
It sounds like your mom's the one that has the problem
Like we're happy that you're here. Oh my god
Don't worry, this is part of the process
This is where he usually comes around
Please shrink back down to normal size and resume your album recording or we will open fire
Billy no no Billy
Okay, oh shit, I didn't know that would work. Sorry. It's all right. It's all right. Are you ready? Yeah?
We're leaving
You know, I love my mom
Okay, Billy
Again, we don't have time Billy
Just lay this track down and get out of here Billy. He's really Dan is waiting. Okay, but let it go
You rip my abdomen open
I can't reach the controls
To record your album
You killed me
tell my wife
Candice I
Know
She resented me
Somebody get that man's name
And I want it engraved above this building
No problem Billy. Thank you very much. All right. We recording an album now. What is it? Okay?
Okay, let's get going
All right, leave it leave it
Leave the sound. I love it Billy the sound of you turning into a
Kaiju
Leave it Billy you cut that you cut that reference. That's great
But let's let's just wrap it up then like a
Like a like a watch a shirt
Oh Christmas present, baby. All right. Take take 93 Billy ocean, baby
Caribbean Queen wrong song motherfucker
Did that one last week? Okay. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. Okay. We were doing the listen the jewel of the night
Going it's going. It's going. It's tough Billy Billy
Going gets tough Billy, right? You're the denial, baby
Now you're carrying the same smile
And I thought said poop is one for Richard. Okay, Richard. I made him shit his pants when I turn into the demon leave it leave it leave it leave it
That's my mom. I got like she keeps she's been texting. I have to go. We'll use it
All right. We could you give me a ride to my mom? Yes. All right. Hey guys
Thank you. Have a great weekend enjoy the barbecue record all of this
Use it all
Sorry, I drive on the wrong side mate. Hey, you want some of this? Oh
What? Oh
Wow
That's why they call you ocean, isn't it? Oh, oh, man
Here have some of this fucking. It's just coke is green. Never touch it Billy. Baby. I'm not how I got this far
Hey, that's why I got two nostril
They make it green they make it green now. Is this you know that make it green
Is this your mother's hand dress then? Hey, hey, let me tell you some
My mom died 20 years ago. I don't know who my parents are. Well, Billy. I
Don't understand. I don't either. I mean if I know she died
20 years ago, don't you think I would know my mom's identity and I would at least know half my parents
But Billy, I'm sorry the cocaine talking making my eyes green. Look my hands are growing. Oh
Oh, oh, oh Billy. Oh, oh, Billy
Do you like it when I turned into that demon before? Yes?
Yes, governor
You want to see me do it again? I guess yes
He's got so
No, it's great. Oh
These events really happened good scene check out the ocean dock. It's a good scene. Oh, we're done. Okay. Yeah
I believe that Spencer did bring you something. Oh, yeah, but I gotta say I tried it outside and it might not be good for the show
But don't let that stop you cuz it's too too rough. I don't know. I'm just high
Well, just a little yeah, yeah do less of whatever it is
I mean, I got I went to Mike's house four hours ago and I took one puff and I'm
Blit I should have driven here. I know this is gonna sound crazy, but it's fucking hot
And I find that when it's hot you get higher. Oh, man. Yeah, you're just like I'm good
You know, I'm fucking hell. Yeah
Fucking blaze it for 20 show. I watched you guys watch vanity fair confidential
I know we do that's we can't get enough of it. I watched the one about the busting of the silk road
I was gonna watch it, but it said it was confidential. So I just turned the fucking channel
That's why I don't want to get into trouble. I don't want the police to come to my house turn that shit off
And let's just watch the
Unconfidential
The street legal version
It doesn't really make any sense. I at the end of every one. I always ask that ago. Why why is that confidential?
That was a famous. It's on television. Yeah
Watch the Gilbert God Free Documentary. Oh, it's great really really real Berkeley one. Yeah, really great
I saw yeah, I saw it too. It's really good. His last movie was better
The previous one to that you know when you were in no, I like the one after
What's that? Which I don't know
I was just committing you're talking about you know, well, he did he did all the Harmontown documentary
Yeah, does he do a lot of documentaries about comedians? He love he can't get enough
Well, he didn't
He's all up in that shit, he can't get it. Yeah, he's a yeah
He's a laughs a chuckle fucker Wow
Wow, Neil Cony out shots fired come on the podcast and debate me fired
This sounds like there may be some history there that I should not dive in no deals a great guy
I mean, hey Spencer. He did good stuff Spencer. That makes them good men's words. Yeah, hey Spencer. Yeah
Yes, Rob. Thank you for the dice
Yeah, the bag of dice. Thank you so much. I was almost gonna ask you point blank
Hey, Rob, what was the thing I was supposed to ask you before I wanted you to bring up this thing that you had did because it
Sound really interesting. You would ask me for some dice a while back. Yeah, that's for some D&D dice
And I was like saying hey, can you set me up with some D&D dice?
It's fine. I'm having fun. What's that? Yeah, I'm just talking during your story being rude. I
Said hey Spencer
This is the text. This is these are the real words. I could say tense Spencer
Hey, can you set me up with some some D&D dice and what did you say? I think I said, what do you need them for?
D&D
I'm I'm gonna be on another podcast doing Dungeons and Dragons. Well, fuck you get get the fuck out of here
No, that wasn't the real text. What did I say then? Yeah, sure something like that. Yeah, whatever
I'll bring him to the show. Yeah, and then I didn't bring it to the show and then we we traded
We we we got it. We made it happen. You got those dice
Gives every chatter watch one of these Adam Sandler movies that he made when he went to Netflix the cobbler. Oh, no, like hateful eight
Not hateful eight hateful eight. Yeah, you made a flight
The one that the Native Americans boycotted. Yeah. Yeah, no, it was ridiculous six, right?
I hatefully was the Quentin Tenors heroine, which is why I assume you guys were making fun of me
Did you ever piss off Quentin Tarantino? I only pissed off Quentin Tarantino. You you pissed off Lin Minwell
So I'm in El Coyote
Yeah, and then some
Disheveled hair hobo comes up to me. Yeah, and he says hey you you look like you'd be perfect
And I'm like to give you money you fat sack of crap and I punch him in the face
Turns out it's Quentin Tarantino and you wanted me to star in his next movie. Oh
Oh, man, you blew it. I know I blew it. I really really really really really what I really wanted him to be in the
I really wanted to be my next movie
But he fucking punched me
Yeah, the character doesn't punch so what the fuck fucking Spencer?
It didn't work. Punch me. It's a fucking fucking bullshit. I just wouldn't put him in my movie
Hey guys
Is this seat taken? Fuck you guys. It's a better character actor. Oh, it's Dean Herrera
Just wanted to know
You were fucking Nick Tortelli from Cheers. Oh, that was the fucking most amazing thing ever
Oh, yeah, I always wanted to make a cheers movie. I want to make a fucking cheers movie
You can't make it right like a chair. Yeah, there was no fucking. There's no sex. They need to be fucking sex
Would you not help?
I always wanted to see him go up with things go up to Diana's good. Let me fuck you. I want to fuck you, you know
Like what the fuck was going on in the bar and Tate, you know, like make a cheers
After eating here. Got a stomach cut open. Fill it with titties. Fill it with titties and squirt blood
That's the thing about the 70s is we were on to something we were titties were squirting blood
So yes, now we have pissed him off to answer your question
Have we ever pissed?
Yeah, now. Yeah. Yep. Now we have
Um, do you see any now I now I get now again T we have do you do you see any Kanye spectrum?
As him yeah, do you this this recent meltdown? Do you can you do one? Oh, did he have a wait?
Did he have a meltdown? Yeah, do one thing for me because what did he do?
Oh, I didn't I haven't been keeping so Kanye West has been in the press lately doing different things
He stopped by TMZ where he announced that slavery was a choice
the 400 years of oppression was a choice and
Has a fire dismanagement has gotten on and off trip Twitter in a sporadic way
Came out and wore a MAGA hat. Right. I saw yeah, and it's been getting sort of progressively worse as we've been going on
So some people
Are mad but what I see is a little bit of spectrum ish or a little bit of some people are saying drug use
Meds on and off meds. Yeah, because we talk about that on the show every once in a while
I was wondering. Do you see any of that? Well, sure for
In what Kanye is doing. Yeah, of course
I mean it was the alternative would be to go. No, I think Kanye is being completely
Rational and was born without any like neurological. Yeah, I think it's that
He's always been a weirdo. He's always been a weirdo. He's always been pretty. I mean, yeah
I mean, he's he's always a big personality. I always I would like like I'm always like how many fucking albums
Do you need to go platinum before?
Like how you know, is there a little bit of a you know, how much shit did we put up with from from from old white guys?
Like not to go there repeatedly, but like I was like Kanye had like so many
Like hits under his belt. Yeah before he he was like famous for being crazy for for basically just saying
In most of the context that it was happening in unless you can I guess like him storming the stage at the
VMAs, but the VMAs are fucking fake awards
Like like there's not even you're not even really getting an award for anything
So to come up on stage. Isn't that where he did the Taylor Swift thing? You get a moon, man
But but other than that it was just like that's MTV. He's like he's like I don't want these
I don't want these floor tiles on the floor for my thing
You know like like being a perfectionist and I was always like kind of in his corner because the first place people go is oh
You're crazy. You're manic depressive. You're you know, they diagnose you and but who cares like like it's a capitalist society
so
Like I got the cure to my schizophrenia right here. It's called. I'm a billionaire
Yeah, but and I do think that we we don't we like like Frank
I don't know this is white guilt talking, but I feel like we we unevenly apply that rule to black men like we we let them
Go crazy from getting rich and then we we really break out the medical clipboards like in a way that we don't with like
Yeah, white guys that get rich and go crazy
I think we love all all dismantling of celebrity, but it is this one's interesting because um
There is that feeling of like yes, we kind of all knew that he was crazy
I don't know why this is different. You describe it that stuff the difference that I'm hearing is that it sounds sad
like the slavery thing and the you know, it's like that that that explains a lot because I came into all
I saw was him tweeting pictures of his is like, you know, does this look like the sunken place?
And I was I was like that's a little sad, but it's it's it's also like it wasn't so sad that I wasn't like
Laughing at it because it was like, yeah, yeah, of course it does it does look like a corridor of the Sunken place
You should be proud of because I mean like like you bought it
You like like you bought the sunken place that's like you weren't in prison there by Catherine Keener like so so good for you
but but like
Anyways, but I didn't know that that was the backstory. I didn't hear about that TRL or whatever thing like he took over TMZ
Which you know, he classically hates TMZ
He likes to strike out at them punches their photographers breaks their cameras
But he went to TMZ and at some point was addressing the entire room instead of just being interviewed
So he stood up and sort of gave in held court and then later on they sort of had boob like footage of him doing the same thing and getting to
What do you mean? He took over would you mean like he went into their offices?
They will let you usually they'll have a celebrity sit down between two people Harvey and
Dredd dude and they'll talk right so he was supposed to be facing forward talking to those twos on the either side of them
And he at one point gets up and turns around and tells this story about why he got liposuction how he got addicted to opiates
Do you see any of that shit?
So he stands up and he's like I had to go get liposuction because I don't want you guys to call me fat like you did Rob Kardashian
And I was trying to go to the Grammys and I was in the red carpet and you guys call me fat
So then they gave me opiates, and I was taking a bunch of day
And then when I went to the hospital because I took too many they gave me seven and released me is where he started
So like he's having a moment right? Yeah, that is but we did spit. I just noticed that people sort of suspended their
Judgment yeah, they were like they're like well. This is serious. He's like it's like Gary Busey, you know like well
Like like where you go?
We kind of felt that way about Charlie Sheen, but we were just like let him go
You know like like but yeah, also there's this thing. There's this crazy thing with Sheen Charlie Sheen people were like fuck yeah
Right it was like it was a Trump effect where they were sort of like this is a rallying cry for guys
Who've wanted to live this way for a long time in cells basically which is also a crazy new thing
Because he also well I want to examine this like what we experienced when we hear what we picture Kanye
Saying this stuff because it's part of it is it's vulnerable. He's saying
He's like clearly
It's like there's a difference between a guy
going alpha and like
Being there's a difference between he's clearly out of his mind and
He's clearly out of his mind
Like oh he had how come he didn't know that saying that saying I could lift a thousand pounds
Would make him seem weak, but then someone saying like yeah
I've been really weak lately
Yeah, in a way that is then you then you immediately go well then I'm on your side if you're being
Truthful, and I don't want you to get hurt. So get off of the TV
There's also this rap braggado show that makes it difficult to figure out when somebody's being crazy
You just never want a rapper to I mean in air quotes. You never want a rapper to I think this is amazing
But like it's just not the part of the word lipo section
That's probably been that's probably the first time that's really been introduced
I got a chemical pill
I'm over here trying to get this light bow for my life. Oh
It's an interesting it's an interesting thing to watch
Because people are taking there's this very fine line where you say are we shitting on this dude because we shit on people
At this point are we getting out a little bit of racism in that we've never really had the backs of black dudes
So now that one's going crazy who happens to be rich and has been very vocal about how we fucked the system to get rich
Are we are we doing this thing? I used to watch Jerry Springer and all these talk shows where there'd be a black mother on stage
She'd be being shit on by a white audience
For being a bad mother and yet there was a section of it where you were like now what wait a minute, right like what?
Some of you all are just being straight up awful about this shit, right and some of that is what I've seen
I've seen some people who are taking a pot shot at a black millionaire
I've seen some people who have no no respect for the fact that we're watching somebody with a
Mental illness. Yeah, like it's a crazy crazy thing to watch
Are you fucking with this incel shit at all?
Yeah, man, I'm gonna do my third session next week
I mean, I we knew we we kind of hate to claim this but we sort of
We started we sort of discovered the incel movement on this stage because Cody Cody Cody found it
Well going down a rabbit hole and she was remember that that the Gaspacho blog guy. He was he was incel
He was the guy but I don't know the origin Cody Cody found a blog by this guy that
Among other things he had this blog entry where he
He was behind two women in a restaurant
And and he overheard them saying one of them said
Oh good, they have Gaspacho and the other one said what's Gaspacho and the other one said it's like cold tomato soup or something
And the other one said that's gross and then and he said and that's the moment when I knew I was gonna try Gaspacho
And then he tries it and he's like and I loved it and that's the thing and it was like it's just amazing
That's that's the in cell thing. It was like he was like so are these gamer gate dudes? Yeah, same batch it all okay
So crazy because they I don't think you're backed up enough what what I kind of know what you're talking
In cell community means a voluntary cell
But it's a men's right activists and people who who hate women and and have radical beliefs that are predicated on the fact
That they're not getting late, so it all dates back to I mean all
All internet culture comes back to like something awful and this like in video game cultural circles and
4chan and it kind of spawned a bunch of stuff, but it's just like racism and white supremacy was always kind of just
under the surface of that so I mean
4chan kind of popped up a bunch of times they made operations against
Scientology and stuff, but they weren't really overtly races for a long time
But racist factions of them started gaining more steam and then when the gamer gate thing blew up that kind of coincided with
The pickup artists movement and the men's rights activists movement, which is also
You know centered in male bodybuilding culture and all this online culture and so that kind of
Coalesced with this online gaming culture movement and Gamergate and they just from there
It's basically everyone on that spectrum is just a different shade of some form of Nazi
It usually comes out of misogyny, but it ends up like expressing itself as some form of Nazism
But it's it's generally under Gamergate
But then people like Gaspacho man is probably like he felt empowered because he had some Gamergate related blog where he was like
Here's this girl playing a video game on Twitch and so isn't this the problem with video games?
And so like it's all this like misogyny stuff that comes out of this this like 4chan culture
But it shows up in all these avenues, but there was in cells during Gamergate and before Gamergate
And they were just made fun of the same way, you know, like losers were made fun of that's also part of it is like in the
Culture you're making fun of people for being losers
And you're also doing that to like hide the fact that you're an anonymous loser as well
And so they're kind of self-hating about it
But in cell has like been around forever, but they've just been you could attach a decade to the birth of it
What would you say like 2011 maybe later? It's only it's new yeah reasonable all this shit goes back
There's a really interesting article about the two thousand okay five
I mean if you really want to like oral history trace the roots from that that end up blooming into things like Gamergate and all that stuff like the
the kind of inextricably braided
flower stem of
You know
Men's men male male rage for lack of I'm trying to think of the classiest phrase so the
like like male male fucking
alpha energy
Being bound to video game and internet and hacking culture
Like I can't remember what a publication did a really a pretty pretty in-depth like backward look at the whole thing
What was the guy called? It was like angry uncle though. What was that?
There was like a there was like a zine at one point. I was I mean as you would imagine with any of this stuff
There's like a culture that you can trace back that all starts somewhere
But it's not as if that means that there was a Ben Franklin that started it
But it's always it's always been in all those cultures. That's things something awful always had racism 4chan always had racist memes and stuff
And it just like it was just circulating and do you think it coincides with science?
It seems as if these dudes are not that these dudes are
Intelligent and that's a section of the left because I don't even know if they're left
They feel like they feel like they have distance themselves from any sort of political party as well. Yeah, I think the yeah, but is the bond
Science I think it's anger
I think it's it's nerds that grew up watching cartoons that were like you bump into someone and they dropped their papers
And then three days later you're having sex with them
And you're a loser because you failed to do that and they're like I did everything right
I'm bumping into all these women holding papers and they're like well. No, you're a fucking idiot if you believe that
But they are fucking idiots who do believe that because we are sending that signal, but it's like I think they're all these people that for so long
They're like I'm a nice guy. Why don't people date me?
And it's like because you say things like that and but we don't actually sit to explain it to them
But it's like so there's all these people that for so long think they're doing it right
But it's like no you're a jerk and you're a racist and you're a misogynist and no one's explained to you subtly
what that means because you probably don't have a support network because you know then that's how people get radicalized is because
You don't have a support network and other people are like actually it's because it's sort of it's it's it's sort of like it's this syndrome where it's like
It's a first world empire and people get comfortable and then there's this shift if you if you if you stop if you do start doing anything
Other than constantly ascending as an empire
I think what happens what we're observing is that if things level off and then start to get to a point where oh
This is the third time I heard Time magazine mentioned that whites will be a minority by the year whatever and that oh
College isn't working like doesn't matter for job placement
And they say the dream starts to fall apart a dream that if you're 16 years old
You never knew you were buying into but you subconsciously were so then you turn 16
And it's like that that that judge Reinhold monologue in fast times where they go the party's over and he's like he does his monologue
And goes like I'm waiting for the fucking party to start. It's like you like these
you can you can be a you could be a white kid and
Be familiar with these phrases and these concepts that have something to do with
Progress and the world is getting softer or or
Progressive or what's your own or it's crumbling and and it's melting and then you like you you just you you just get this
High out of going yeah, but everything's bullshit
That's why movies like the Matrix or and Fight Club and and Star Wars and whatever
There's all the stories are about you fucking waking up and realizing that everything's bullshit
You you got a you got to figure this shit out
And that's how you become a hero everyone wants to be a hero
And so you're it's one thing to be like in a cradle being fed titty milk from a lamb
That's whose feet never touched the ground and you can complain about it
I remember you and I talked about that we were like
Generation Xers like go like all we knew is that we hated Pepsi that was it was that easy to be a rebel
It was just like fuck Pepsi
And and then it's like all right, but yeah now I think it gets to a point because I guess somewhere in our heads
Maybe we were like yeah fuck Pepsi, but then then I'll have a Pepsi later like I mean and by that
I mean I'll have a billion-dollar corporation later
Like like I'll like like yeah fuck this shit because we watch the big chill and we watch the breakfast club and we go
Oh, I get it. I understand how society works
It goes up a staircase especially if you're a white dude like you you you can complain and be hip the whole way
I think that's where this concept of virtue signaling comes in is that these guys think they're calling out
Which is like the only reason you would ever
Say that shit was bad
Well, you're walking up this stairway to heaven is if you were trying to impress people on the way up if you're gonna like here
I go to heaven it's lame
Which is the equivalent that's that's what they I think that's what they mean by virtue signaling is that you're going like
Like I'm part of the liberal hive mind that guarantees that
I'll always have dirty money coming in from
Podesta's pedophile ring and drone strikes and
But I'm also gonna make everyone like me and have have
Sex with all the women because I'm lying to them about how I thought Oprah's speech at the Oscars was just fine
The opposite of a dog whistle
Yes, the opposite of a dog. So are these cats gonna
Do you think they will link up and
Militarize do you think they're gonna hook up with the Trump supporters? Yeah, I think they think they're better
I think they think they're better than the Trump people
Yeah, Trump fans. I think they're on a different level where they are more aligned with
Say an evil Bill Gates versus a Donald Trump, but a billionaire nonetheless
But you stop being one of these guys the minute you you admit that you want anything
so that
That that simultaneously is good news and terrible news because that's a lot like
Any terrorists sell? Yeah, because you basically like the first guy to say
Jesus these ISIS meetings are so great. I almost don't want to blow anything up anymore
You're out of Isis like like you you you got to just be mad and show up like like and like
Fucking great point defeats the purpose if you if showing up makes you
Express the actual feelings of contentment that you were seeking in the first place
That's a crazy if I can for just a second
That's a crazy point because the truth is we know that people lash out because they're lonely
But when they get together and they have a drive to explode things that yes
They have to get to that final episode. That's what I think fascism is like it's catalyzed by by like
Privilege people that exploit that phenomenon like there's a certain amount of lower-class discontent
That will recycle itself like a compost bin because poor people will just get sad
Because they're poor and then their porous will make them like invent new music and and and and be more religious and and be
Just generally happier and make rich people go like Jesus these poor people are fucking ecstatic
I like I should lighten up a little bit. Maybe give something to charity or whatever this like like that system
Yeah, that system breaks down when
When when shit gets bad enough for long enough that somebody out there usually a 70 year old mummy or like several million of them
Like they go oh the poor people are doing that thing where they're bummed out about being poor again
I think I'll fucking poor instead of instead of building a wall between me and them and letting them be poor and listening to their wonderful music
I think I'll I think I'll start exploiting their their sadness and their anger because if I go like this
They start going like that. Yeah, and then like either money comes in or there's like an agenda like I want that
I want that regime taken down and then it's like
It's an orchestra conducted by fucking dangerously stupid selfish sociopaths who are just like I think I think I think this guy over here
It says that poor people shouldn't be as angry. What do you guys think and they're like?
And and and and this guy is it has the IQ of a fucking handball or he wouldn't have been born rich
And so then that's the days that we're in I feel like
Like like I dread that we're in a right-wing slide into a genuine fascist regime
not and I also feel like a lot of us are reacting to it by
by going oh, but
Oprah will get elected next and that'll be even worse and like I don't even want to argue about that in your wildest dreams
Like I'm not if I really thought that was gonna happen. I wouldn't be so fucking
terrified right now because I also we keep trying to hire someone to clean up the mess when in reality
It's probably we were going like this when we were stable. This was every eight years
Do we just change our minds as a country about whether or not we should have but it's just fucking like 60 years of fucking steady
This is called stability and then moving in either direction
Like all at once is called us, you know a movement
Are we able to fight these dudes or will they burn themselves out or what is the for it?
What do you what is the forecast for these dudes and do you know any?
I don't know like it's just all these people are like they're so far gone. They just got to be told like
You know, this isn't this isn't gonna do what you want, but they don't want to hear that like so
I think most of them will just
You know not go anywhere the same way most, you know racist people just yell at people at most and don't end up killing people
But still it generates and bubbles up killers, you know, like this ain't like I think it'll still continue to be dangerous
But I don't think it'll be more or less dangerous than it ever has been like or not ever
I mean, obviously we've crossed the point and it's gotten much dangerous more dangerous recently
But beyond that, I don't think there's anything my most optimistic hope
Is that and this is like still a nightmare the optimistic version of the future
Which is why I can't wait to retire because it's just no no no world for me anymore is that
Is that this is gonna get bad enough
But the the people are still gonna have enough of a toehold and there's enough of a blue wave
Whatever however you want to characterize the the pendulum going back the other way
But that the pendulum will have no choice but to go
We no longer have a sense of humor about this this this this and that and it's gonna make it even worse
It's it's it's good. It's like it's like if you graph it
It's just moving towards a super volcano explosion because we're not gonna we're not gonna learn from this fucking experience
If we learn anything to lighten up and take people less seriously. Yeah, we're gonna
We're gonna be like I don't I don't give a fuck what you have to say about due process or
Uh, uh, how you have a story too
You said this word and this word is connected to this word and that school of thought and you're fucking toast forever
Wrong tweet at the wrong time mother fucker done
And like like like that society will progress along those lines because we won't have a sense of humor about
Like why would we why would we they're fucking nazis?
I feel like we got tricked into respecting people's opinions
I feel like the idea of oh respect everyone's opinions like wait why why wait why why would we do that?
We're just gonna respect everyone's opinions our opinions like assholes and everyone has one and they all stink
That's what we respect is that everybody has this smelly bullshit
No, opinions are terrible and they need to be terribly well defended before we should
Accept them as anything
Anything that sucks though is it's not just opinions you're you're thinking of all of society being people in toga's talking about
How the world should run in between these ionic columns
Like what about fantasy? What about the fact that vice just ran their second article?
um within a month about how uh, some rick and morty fans, uh, uh, have too much
Incessed on their minds or those are people who have their opinions overly respected
Uh, the the the the vice magazine or the yeah the vice magazine writers who got away with that
Are you?
Okay, it's not that much of a stretch because we all know that fucking pornhub is nothing but incest
I just feel like I just feel like we're insane along with like as we go as we gild up for fighting nazis
We we also are like
We are um, we're not learning the lesson here
And I'm not saying it's an easy lesson to learn
I don't I'm not
Lecturing anybody or saying that I have the solution or that I'm not exactly along with everybody that's doing everything
But like let them finish we're becoming intolerant like as we fight intolerance. We it is a steady slide because
like
Like I'm ready to retire because like I I read that vice magazine article
it was like they dug up quotes from me about kink shaming and
incest porn or whatever and they were like here's what Dan Harmon had to say and it was kind of like the
article was a little bit it was responsibly written like I didn't feel like the person was trying to
Come at it was trying to take me down. Yeah, because I feel like if they could have they I mean if they wanted to they
They they easily could have they included like
giant passages of me talking so that I was clear and contextual and they
It it felt like a responsibly written thing
But at the same time I couldn't help but feel like the kid that wrote the article
Is born of a new world where he he was basically only able to entertain the idea of freedom of fantasy and taboo online as
As in the same category as the least likable taboos themselves where the hippest thing you could do is go
Well, some people believe that instead of what it was 15 years ago, which is the hippest thing you could do would be to go
So
Some people are turned on by that
and and and and it's just increasingly becoming like
it's like because
like like that we're gonna
We we we we we can read each other's minds now and everything that we say and so now we're just like
It's not resulting in us loving each other anymore. It's resulting in us like like getting off on
on
learning what a
Perfect person is by virtue of pointing out every
Everything that everyone else is doing like we're not
Looking within and we're not like admitting anything to ourselves. We're not like we're not we're not we're not relaxing anymore
like the thing that would fucking
That you want to be able to weaponize and point at this right wing movement like a fucking cannon is
Is is levity is is is awareness and a high IQ and humor because they are in a full state of panic
Yeah, I mean because that's the thing that yeah those guys like you can you think they control us
I mean you wouldn't believe
How much we control them if we were like fucking
Actually cool with each other and ourselves if you if you
If you it takes not being fucking triggered by words frankly you cannot fucking stand as I've said a thousand times at a protest against nazis
and here's someone
Uh say something mean to his wife at the fucking nazi protest and be like
You know like like hey stop the stop protesting the nazis
This guy is like being really mean to this this lady and and then someone else shims in and goes
Did you just call him a he because that's my friend and he's a trans
Uh a gender that and every like we're
Trying to prove that we're like
Fighting for good by fighting each other and there's a there's nazis over there
I just want to like it's 9 11
It's just like wait what what was
Oh, what if we start a fire it's like a reenactment of every night right now
Don't break the bulb
Don't break
Shob please you two cents
I'm too sensitive. You're too sense. Please Rob. You're too sense. You're too sense. You're too sense
Because you care about things. I do care about things
I I heard you talk about the meats and the vegetarianism. Do you have an incel version of that?
Do you guys have people that you fight against like we fight against
For race or sexism in the in the vegetarian world are there targets the thing that I was surprised at when I
I'm so sorry. We're out of time
Uh, that's so good. I didn't have a punchline anyway
No, no, no the the the the thing that I was the most surprised of when I went vegan publicly
Was the amount of hate that I got which I was like what why would you
The minute I would say something was that all sides
Yeah, pretty much. You know, I got I mean, I don't know what democrat liberal gay. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah for sure
For sure. Sure. Mostly dudes. Okay, mostly dudes like if I said something like I
Why is hunting still a thing and uh, well, you know, I'm anti zoo
You know, I'm anti puppy farm and that kind of stuff and um, you know, I I I say, you know, like
To consider an option instead of having bacon on your ice cream
Uh, and and and there's just lots and lots of hate. Don't tell me what to do and I don't like being
You know, just like just like they felt like they were being attacked
Because I said this is this is important to me. I used to
Not think this way. I had a click inside my head that
Made me understand like what I was eating had a history to it that wasn't just like
Just showed up. Yeah, there was there was suffering behind it
And I didn't want to be responsible for that and I and and I got a lot of
Anger towards me just wanting me to shut up. Do you notice that when people stand up for rights?
There is this I didn't notice this in the past maybe because I wasn't there
But there is this thing people immediately think about what they're gonna have to do without
Yeah, exactly. I mean when I say something that
Hits too close to home like yeah, you know, you put bacon on your ice cream. Did something have to live in pain and fear and die
horribly for you to have that little bit of
On your ice cream. How was it worth?
Don't we also though
Isn't that just shaming someone though? Wouldn't someone then feel attacked?
What would are you had to kill something to eat dessert like that is
Is attacking someone well, tell me how to not shame somebody
I mean to consider
To consider like where
Where it came from. I mean that is the trick the trick really
What is the trick? You know, I mean I I haven't done it right because I get people angry
And I don't want to shame anybody because that's the quickest way to have somebody
Shut you down or yell at you or turn you off or ignore you or whatever
I just I used to think one way and then I was when I realized
what I was
doing and becoming a part of I
It just it was a it was a big turn for me. So I
Was it imagery or did you see processing?
It was a friend of mine died and I started looking at life and death
differently and
I got my dog
Who I adore and I remember like I I started
posting puppy pictures
Ironically on Twitter
But then I started admitting I actually really like this and then I started putting all kinds of animals on there
and then somebody said
you're obviously vegetarian
you love animals and
And somebody says he's not vegetarian. He still eats me Rob. Why don't you know calling me out on it?
And I was like, well
Yeah
I say I love animals. Why am I being a part of this and it just made me do a lot of research and
and and then something just clicked inside of me and then I just I could not be a part of it anymore and
It's just something that I I feel if
Because I've had this experience when I you know wrote about it or posted something about it
There there's like a bunch of people that have written me and said, you know
I never thought of it that way until I started seeing your post
I started reconsidering a lot of stuff and I
I'm now vegetarian or I'm now vegan or or whatever and I'm thinking differently and I felt like I accomplished something
So that I guess that's the right way to do it, but I don't want to shame
Anybody, I mean, I don't want anybody to be feel bad. I mean like I used to eat meat for
45 years my parents still eat me, you know Kate still eats fish
I
Shaming anybody is is not going to do anything. No one's gonna stop
I wonder if there's a part of us that has a response to discipline because what I heard you say was that you
Took an idea on and then put it right to use immediately. Well, we have a response to change. Yeah, like
like
Willy-nilly change so we the same amount of energy that you feel going into a force field when because I want to get
A little bit underneath this because yeah, we could talk about the social dynamics of like catching more flies with honey and like
Oh, the way you should do it is to prepare a nice
Pasta dish on instagram and tell people how happy you are while you're eating and lead by example
but
Get underneath that because then the Malcolm X of veganism would say fuck that
I'm not going to play nice just because of blah blah blah
I I think way down underneath it is basically we don't like people
when the other people when they're
Activated and it's not because we want them to fail. It's because we
We're all like these sperm cells like headed for what we perceive is the same egg. Maybe or we
Uh, we just or maybe it's just more simple than that like a primate
Survival jealousy needs to keep what happened yesterday going today
That's part of your job as a primate and the other half of your job is to want to be a hero
so
so if someone's popping off next to you about how
Anything should be different
You're hearing it's not that you have ill will for that person
It's just that it's like well first of all you're fucking with half my job
Which is to make sure yesterday happens again today
um
A thousand examples of that make you a hero by the way like being a good person
You know the
You know the certain traditions that actually are that we praise people for honoring
And like knowing the alphabet and stuff like that
But then you're also fucking with the other half of my job because to the extent that I wanted to like bring
Change I wanted to bring it to other people
I don't want to fucking be told that it's time to change it that makes me feel like
It it feels like sin to us, which I kind of admire about our species
How do you how do you do what I want to do?
Which is not
Make anybody feel bad. I just want somebody to I just my very boring answer is the is that you don't have
You shouldn't do anything differently
The only thing for for your own personal satisfaction
Uh would be to not take it personally the way the reaction that it causes because before I would tell you
I would have to be your vegan
If evangelical coach to come up to a level where I was like
You know the best way to do it to keep people from throwing tomatoes at you is to blah blah blah, and it would that would really be about
I'm I'm fine with the tomatoes. I'm I'm more concerned about like Spencer who who felt like I was
Just shaming somebody because of the ice cream bacon analogy. I mean like I I don't want
Spencer's just just pointing out that an activist by definition is always gonna. It's always gonna cause shame
I don't know. That's necessarily true. Well, I think that it's hard to argue for not eating animals
If your argument is because it hurts animals because that's telling you someone that they're not being compassionate enough
I think there's other reasons that you can argue for it that don't involve that and I'm not saying you have to
I'm just saying that like like there are more than one ways to advocate that aren't inherently attacking someone
But a very common one is a way that assumes everyone thinks the same way as you do
And that way you say something that then could unintentionally attack someone who doesn't assume the same things as you are
My sister who is amazing activists, right? What she always likes to do is trade
So what you're if you're trying to get something out about why someone should be a vegan you're supposed to say
Your high blood pressure will no longer be an issue. It's to give them the power of choice
Instead of saying because I get that
Yeah, look people see through that shit immediately. Yeah, if you do that with race they get even angrier because they're like
Well, I don't want to dole out concessions. My my feeling about that is that's one tactic is like, okay. Well
I'm saying
it would be
If we were all empathetic if we were empathetic to all life, maybe we would be
empathetic to each other
That's true
And I and I think you know if we're going well, I stopped eating meat
I don't care that the animal is
Goes through whatever but I stopped doing it because I'm thinner now
It seems like not a very noble noble. Here's how my therapist defines trust
Says does the pert do you believe that the person has your best interests at heart?
It doesn't even have to mean that they're like they would take a bullet for you or anything
It's like do you do you think that they have your best interests at heart?
Which like okay, so I don't trust those guys that are have a six pack on the back of my car
Like as I come out of the 7-Eleven parking lot like I don't trust them. Like I I have a few
They're behaving in a way that makes me think that they don't have my best interests at heart
So they can say everything they want about about why I don't trust them, but they're strangers and I don't believe it yet
I want to know like why why can't I
Say you shouldn't eat meat because animals feel pain and fear death
I don't see because the person doesn't trust that you have their best interest at heart because
What he's saying is that the inherent implication is that they don't have compassion
So they're saying if I let this person into the parking lot of my 7-Eleven's life
Like I could get mugged. I could end up exposing myself like if if I say, okay, I'm interested in being
Um more open-minded about this topic
Are you gonna enter the lobby of my life and then just start moving fucking plants around because you might be a shitty decorator
You could be the rightest person in the world about how my lobby needs to be unlocked
But you may suck at decorating lobbies or you may be the best fucking lobby decorator for somewhat
They're a completely different building and like in any case like like I have to stay me
And and grow I can't just like fucking let you in like a fucking virus and reprogram my nucleus
Or I'm a bad person that could end up hurting other people
So so I need to trust you and and and like so when it's and then we have these like social cues that we can use to
Let people know that they can trust us. It's it's a that's I think to me
That's job number one in all interaction is
like try to let the person know
That as far as you're concerned like you you you don't
You're not out to hurt them
But it's hard because if you just say that that's what a serial killer says like Ted Bundy war
I don't know. I get I get a lot of like every I get a lot of like you think you're you're better than me
Because you are like that. I was like no no
No, because well, that's why I said that is because you were you were bringing up that people give you a lot of pushback
And so if people are giving a lot of pushback, I you know, I experience it myself
I'm sure I've tweeted stuff back at you and that's what I was experiencing in those
Circumstances where it's like, yeah, this is what you're doing. You're throwing a lamb into a wood chipper
It's like, well, no, I'm hiring someone to do that for me. It's not the same
But you know, it's so that's me pushing back at an argument right you made and so that's fine
If you want pushback, but you were saying that it's bad that that happens to you and so that's I was saying I was surprised
right, yeah that that
which I
I mean, I was like wow. I didn't realize that this
was
It was not just me saying you should stop doing this. It was just me saying
I'm vegan it would be like just being at a restaurant with a bunch of people and then I'm saying I'm vegan
And then I would pull up my wallet and they go, but you got a little other wallet
They everybody jumps on that and I mean like actually it's not leather
It's
Pleather it's it's not I I made sure to get it like
Because I don't want to be a hypocrite. That's what we know about
Is that's why I stopped with dairy because it's if I'm going to go vegetarian and I do a little bit of research
You should really go vegan all the way
But it was the hardest thing about it. I'm sorry. The hard thing about it was
Which I think a lot of people go through it's like I don't think I can live without a hamburger
I don't think I can live without cheese
that was the thing that that
I was like really I can't
That's not really a good excuse and then it took like maybe like three weeks for me to
Break out of that habit or whatever. I'm sorry. Go ahead. This is why I think it's related to discipline
Because your ability to take on a new idea and execute it has something to do with your discipline
When you bring it up to people, I think they immediately feel called out on their personal discipline
So it's a it's a difficult place to start. I also think I think like I said, I think people want to know
What is the benefit to even?
entertaining the ideas that you're giving me
So I think that is the game sometimes, you know, I am it's interesting
I'm on this the reason one of the reasons I'm fascinated by this is I'm on the facebook a lot
I'm in a facebook group that is los felices echo park silver lake. It's the neighborhood
group right about that and and people will get on and do exactly what we just did where somebody will say
I don't like when people ride their bikes on the sidewalk and you get pushback
And it's the most interesting. It's it's any any point of view almost, you know, any point we go like like when the
Like you see it all the time now with like the woman thing like when somebody goes like
So this is a profile of a woman who says when she was 13
Johnny Depp I'm making this up. Don't sue me. I like like I'm riffing one. Johnny Depp
I've picked her up as a hitchhiker and say a a fingered her and and then he made her be his personal assistant
He never thanked her and she got pregnant. He talked her into an abortion
And it's like it's like this whole like like the part of your brain that goes from that's hot goss
to like
I gotta police this
It it I think it's linked somehow
Like like and I started putting road flares on it where I'm like wait if this
Woman who's 40 saying when she was 13 Johnny Depp did this or whatever like if I don't police it
If I don't pipe up and go
Give me a break. First of all, I believe you second of all like
Why are you hitchhiking if you didn't want that? You know, it's like
It's it's like we it's almost like
Yeah, we hate women
But also like there's a there could be a deeper problem here that's actually like just becomes racism sexism
closed-mindedness dog
dogmatism
If I can like just just general bad humanity
Yeah, that hasn't been tested at this many rpms because there's been no internet
There's a little conditioning going on
We just like we need to like we need to medically evolve a little bit to get we the same way that we realized carbs and
Glutons or whatever we go through phases. We're capable as a society of going, you know, it's bad this thing that you've never heard of before
Yeah, we have this tendency when we receive
communication
We're we're running a little bit of an outdated force field protocol where it's still just as dangerous as ever to
Trust anything you hear, but there's a difference between not trusting things being a skeptic and being
um
A cop, you know, like like like yeah like lashing out
and reacting as if
If you say nothing and the person next to you says I deserve all the pants if you say nothing
Do your pants teleport off your body? Right? Right because the bad guys certainly are afraid of that and you know what?
That's why they're bad guys because
They're right because when they're what they're afraid of is if everybody starts saying
I want the pants to be evenly distributed. They will lose some of their pants. They have a valid fear
That makes them the death star
We have an irrational fear of it when we when we're dealing on a human level
Like we we get like we just don't want to like we think that if we don't get mad when you get cut off in traffic
That everyone's going to start cutting you off in traffic and there's just no science to back that up
In fact, what's going to happen when you fly into a fucking right?
It's actually no you finished that idea because I think you're gonna cause more you're gonna get more of that
lose your general like
Fucking
Appreciation of good driving. Like, you know, like I feel myself getting worn down listening to true crime podcasts
Or I'm just like boy the bad guys really kind of just get away with it. Don't say if I have to hear one more detective
on his 68th birthday
um with with half of his face removed from some
Uh, skin cancer procedure that he was barely able to pay for with his pension
explaining to me that because uh, some dude
Is about to get injected with chemicals tomorrow on his 90th birthday after raping and eating like 48 people for
70 years like I just and the justice has been served
Like you know that sooner or later that you they don't get away with it. I'm like he got away with it
They they get away with it the guy they just caught in california who was a cop who started killing people
Uh as a cop
As a cop he was a cop the internet is
And they found out about a way too late the internet is showing us
Something that we were able to we we had we evolved a certain amount every time we you know
You invent the campfire people come around you invent plumbing
You get exposed to more and more people there's varying levels of internetness to humanity each level
We're like fuck so many new people so many new ideas. I'm gonna go fucking insane. This is crazy
I I my neighbor used to be a bear and now it's this fucking arab
I don't know what is happening to him like I gotta figure this out
Like we always then just barely like like it'll be a profit or it'll be some kind of movement
Or it'll be a horrible collapse and a rebuilding like we'll keep up with it
The basic leitmotif is we just keep learning and increasing resolutions that uh,
there's more bad than good in the world like like that we
We can see it more
Yeah, if you if you put if you if you if you invent a camera that can see everything in the universe
It's gonna pick up more bad than good
Yeah, we're living in a real-time library
Well, we're very instead of it being something that we would have read about 10 years ago and been like that was fascinating
We're actually like holy shit. We know everything about that shooting
We know everything about that genocide. We were there. We have pictures of it
And we get to watch the survivors argue with the other survivors and the one the survivor
Then turns out to be a bigot later and
Meanwhile this basketball player that that nailed a free throw and he was a meme for 20 minutes
Now he turned out that dogfights in his basement and it's just like every big Bill Cosby's
Like it's like the camera is everywhere. It's
And but we just we just we're seeing the surface of reality. We just gotta like
We gotta not
Let it give us a bad trip like like it's it's okay. This is overwhelming. This is what we look like
We're a squirming mass of flesh. There's a lot of like
sebum and
Wiry hairs and zits and nipples that have no reason and this is the naked body of humanity
And it's not a wonderland. It's it looks like the inharmon naked and and and and and and nipples without reason
Nipples without reason is a british band. I think that I think I was I was realizing this
I was watching some movie that had something to do with good versus flash garden
And uh, I was like, I think part of it might be because I I get really disillusioned when I think about like how
Um, oh
Evil's more powerful than good like it's it out numbers it and all this stuff, but it's like that's actually only a reaction to
the
Uh false impression that anybody ever wanted me to think that good and evil were like this fucking rocky versus drago even matched
Like
Which is a fantasy if you if you thought about good as being about one fifth as powerful as evil in almost any context
Like one fifth the size one fifth the the advantage
Like like like because if it's good, it's good and it's not evenly matched with the amount of like
Like like my therapist says that like negative shit like
Affects your brain five times more than positive shit. Somebody says
Yeah, somebody says I like that shirt and it's like it just burns off like fucking flamb and a fancy restaurant
We evolved to you know have to survive danger. So it's like. Oh, is that a grizzly bear?
Probably not like you know, you can't say probably not you have to say
Oh god, that's definitely a rock that might one percent chance be of grizzly bear and then you know, you know
Yeah, we're not the we're not the progeny of of the chimps that that plate that we're like, you know
I hate to be a we need to give ourselves a break here
Hate to be a smurf, but we are also pre-wired to seek out joy
that's
We are wire to speak to seek out joy. We are but I'll tell you one thing we get a huge amount of joy from is
Being the first person to call it when there's something to be alarmed about like like we have a lot a lot of our joy
Is like tied into like alarmism?
We amplify negative outcomes like if you say hey
I'll flip you a coin and if I flip a coin you win two dollars
And if you lose the flip you give me 50 cents
It's like you could do that all day and then on average you will win a ton of money, but people will not see it that way
People will be like no I could lose some serious money. It's like people have a psychological tendency to think that risks are way worse
Like we definitely still do seek incentives and fine. Yeah, but to your point. I think I mean what you're saying is
but that
We're not going from giraffes don't have
a 50% good 50% bad perception like they they're just thinking about leaves and shit and they're
They they're the worst like
We graduated to having a concept of good and bad and we're just we just keep finding out that
We perceive good a lot less
Like but we should still look at it as a gigantic leap from the hippopotamus which doesn't
Give a fuck who's good and who's bad and what's good and what's bad
Like the the hippo has no taste bud in its mouth for that and we have a thousand. We just have eight thousand more that taste bad
Sometimes we get addicted to the fine tuning of our existence
You know
Gotta change those couches
Is all dirty and we're an alarmist primate species that learn to adapt like a mild amount of pack
If we see a couch because we're really out hunted by by a biological killing machine couch hunters
What the biological killing machines?
What what
Tuned by man defined and hunt couches and murder does this get you less high as you smoke more or as you get more high
It gets you less high
That's the thing about we now less high than you have been you push through
So you can get so high that you're no longer really high. Yeah, that's what I like
And then I like to push through that into being that high again
And that's like 300 percent. I like how it hangs in the air. It's very fun. I don't know if the cameras picked that up
But it's cool. You know what you'd really like hanging in the air
Uh-oh blue apron. Oh shit
Tell us imagine if a box of food could hang in the air outside your door every day
Okay, I'm currently eating seshwan chops with fried pork nuts
seshwan chops pork nuts
Mmm
It's so sad watching your own brain die like like like like like like you just like the simple things
Or you just like can't riff can't riff food. Oh, come on. I can't riff no food
And then and then just all the like the celebrities names you just you just slowly forgetting them
That's like burning from the edges. Uh, like like a map in a fucking western like it's just like coming in like oh
Oh, how do I do when you when that happens to you? Do you sit there and try to
You don't you don't look it up right or ask anybody because you think that you can jump start your fucking dead synapse
That that were made you not remember jeff bridge's name and the garrick
Do you think there's bulletin jeff bridge's name lu garrick is lu garrick
Did you know that
That brain she died
That's brain
She died
That's why that's why we have to acquire wisdom because that's all we can offer these new kids
We can't we're not going to be smarter and funnier than them. We're gonna we but only the only thing we can do is be like
Kid
Take it easy. Don't eat that berry
Or do and just don't freak out when you look like you have three hands. Yeah, you don't have three hands
Like calm down
You're you there's no way you have an opinion about this. You're 16. Give me some gum
Did you say that brain she died that brain she died?
Yeah, does that make sense like in a context that i'm not getting
Well, it's sort of like it doesn't not make sense. I was being like kind of nautical
I guess with a skosher jamaican
I got that then. Okay, that day. I was going to say Bob Marley, but with Robert Robert Shaw on high seas
I thought it was like one of those do androids dream of electric shrimp or whatever
Like yeah, I was just trying to get primal, you know, I was like that I was I was like I was like forget it
But you know like words that brain she died, you know, I was like I did note
Yeah, no, that was good. I was like, you know, that's the ultimate. Fuck you is for guys to
Uh, feminize their own brains. Yeah, the like the way we do ships and
everything that we're like, oh, it's a she because it's
Like
It's like our ultimate doff of the cap like look at her look at this boat. She's a beauty. We're like, we're like, yeah
You know, like you're about to take a test. Let's see if the old girl still got it. Yeah
Because if you made it a dude, you'd be in pie. Let's climb on that big fat cock and go fight some russians
It's but you're Bill Bill
Come on. What are you doing? Look at those balls. Let's just people come on. Look at all those guys carrying balls and
Bill's having a little bit of an episode when you clean your gun
I want you to think of it like it's your your husband. Okay. All right. All right. Let's just uh,
Anyway, let's bring the singer out again
Hey, yeah, everything. Let's get out here and sing a little bit. Bill. What the fuck the investors are here
But that'd be kind of cool. Like, like, you know, your own brain. You're like, oh man, my brain. She's not running good today
Yeah, I like I can't I can't tell
That's fun. It's polarizing. That's what it is. Oh, it's polarizing. Well, you would take better care of it
If it were shirts, what's your reaction? I got a emotional level to men
Using the female pronouns to refer to their own brains
So that so going from battleships to brains and calling on women wouldn't it wouldn't it wouldn't be like a slippery slope anyway
It would just be more of the same at least we'd be talking about our brains
Hey, you're talking about it. It's very do you know what I'm saying?
It's very crazy thing is if we started calling women he and she or he he and him because because we were like that's it
We're taking it. You know, like we're like like only battleships are women now
Like like that last parade was out of bounds you guys. I don't like how many of you showed up and I don't like what you burnt
From now on you're a bunch of hymns. That's what you are if I want to talk to a woman. I'll talk to this gun
I'm gonna clean her. I believe we've pushed through
We've finally pushed through
Like we just revealed
Yeah, Schrab
When does solo come out and how long does it usually take for a movie and when are you and I gonna go see it together
I'll go see solo with you for sure. Are you serious?
See a movie together
I make these exceptions for these some of these star wars movies not the recent one
We haven't seen a single star wars movie together since
phantom menace
Well, no, there was the one there was there was the one that came out after phantom menace
That was either the second or third of the trilogy and and you said have you seen it yet?
And I said no and you said are you gonna see it and I said
Not in the theater and you said I will pay for your movie ticket
If I can go to the theater with you and sit sideways in the seat next to you and watch you watch it
And I think we did that
Must have been the second one
Flying rtd too. It wasn't like it wasn't aside from aside from that invitation. It wasn't there was nothing cool about it
Yeah, so it's not really unmemorable, but yeah, we watched the phantom menace together. We sure did. We sure did. We were so excited
We're so excited. It was a rainy
Can we get a confirmation on the solo date though? Yeah, what's going on? Are we gonna wear solo costumes?
Yeah, man
New solo or old solo both one of each right?
I don't want to wear my dad. Did you get your garage fixed yet? Yeah, awesome. But there's no address on my garage. You get your what?
Your what garage you get your garage tickets yet? The garage is fixed. Yeah, they haven't quite finished
Are they playing at the palladium? But the people that deliver food keep coming coming this fall to the palladium garage
Justifiably complaining Harmon's garage
Playing for four nights
All right, here they come
Looking lovely. Look at these new boots the garage are wearing. Look at that
There's the fluorescent light that he's pretty sure is on all the time, but it never has the patience to test
Because you can just always see it still on
It's probably it's definitely not on during the daytime somehow
So it only knows to come on at night and then stay on all throughout the night. So it has consciousness
We've confirmed that
I think I'm so sorry I asked about that fucking garage
It's been the pain of his existence. Cody's dog pisses in Harvey's water dish
On the reg
He doesn't mind it though. I'm sure he don't he fucking laps it up. He loves it
Harvey loves Barbara and Barbara's like I can't tell
Like I mean it's that is the ultimate like even in the dog world. That's like
Like straight disrespectful fucking amazing
Like she just pisses and Cody said I've never seen her do it. I was like I always pictured her like peeing on it like marking the bowl
Uh, she said no, she fucking like aims it into it
Wow, does Cody's dog have her own bowl there?
Uh water. No. Yeah, how does she get water? Oh look Schrabs on it's on
Well, no they dog Schrabs and maybe get her her own piss and bowl. Well, I'm saying like
Is good. Is there one drinking bowl? Is there one water bowl for the dog? Yeah, that's all it's all the same
So she's drinking her own pee
Yeah, she's not yeah, I don't know what why yeah, why is she pissing in Harvey's water?
That's the only water that's the only water I would I would say I would say if she had her own bowl that she only drank out of
Then something malicious is going on, but I think what we're finding out is she likes to taste her own pee
Yeah, you know or she's trying to pee in it. So she she's telling Harvey. This is my bowl
Despite the that's true dogs communicate with their pee. Yeah, that's how they text it's like twitter marking her bowl
right
Also, they they go, okay
Okay, come on
So like no like if lolly sees a boy dog
That she has a crush on she will pee
Yeah, the dog will smell that and then it'll pee and then lolly will smell that in a pee
So they're having a conversation in humans. What's that? That's no different than humans. Yeah, they're just like saying
Hey, do you like me? I think so, but do you like me?
Maybe
Yeah, well, maybe you maybe maybe, huh?
Yeah, but they took it out of me
Okay
Yeah, they could still get down. Nigel let's Harvey. Steve Levy ladies and gentlemen at home Steve
Levy
Hematown's finest
Nigel let's Harvey
Win at fetch and then he humps him
Hell Nigel's a small one and Harvey's the big one. So when Harvey wants to win at fetch
They communicate like Nigel goes like, hey, uh, you don't come here for the hunting game
First uh loser gets to fuck the other one. Yeah, all right go. Oh, you're so fast
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Hey, I won. I won. Oh
Dang it. Now I gotta hump you. Uh-huh as well. Yeah. Oh, oh
What wait?
Oh, yeah, you you beat me again. How dang it. I gotta hump you
Oh, yeah, should we uh, should we beat our way out of this? Yeah, I mean we we we we did it again
We did it. We made another episode of a show as you do this. I think you should go back to sleep
And pretend this whole show was a yeah, that's true. The whole
The the the yeah, I should start with you saying I want to go. I'm going back. It's like aliens
You you go you wake up from stasis and you go back into stasis
Levy do they need to buy tickets to?
Yeah, Boston or something. What do we need to
June 22nd at the
Will
At the will burn theater get tickets to hometown. I wish I could be there. Schrab will be there. What?
Wilbur at the Wilbur theater
Uh will bur for food Wilbur like the horse
Korean barbecue that will be the and they'll be at cradle con
On the 23rd
Con it's gonna be all this information can be found somewhere
So right just keep in mind that we have shows coming up and if you want to be one and you live in the east
Or an area cradle con cradle con
Let's get a beat
Yo, we got highs fuck. Yeah on this episode. Yeah
We got high as fuck
On an episode
Yeah, let the blunt so good
Sucked into our laws till we highest fine words
Overlooking the forest and the city
Floating into the clouds like a city cities float like big balloons in the hindenburg
We're a bunch of bad boons about safety
So they need to monitor the hydrogen levels. Come on. It's too dense. Don't smoke. Oh the humanity
At the hindenburg disaster, Sean Hannity's talking shit
I'm fox news about some scandals and some kind. Yes, but yo, this is america
yo
I want hysterica
It's a girl I knew come on in the golden times of honey do I go deep into the garden and I squeeze your melons
Yo, who's that pussy? I'm smelling. It's yours girl and it smells like roses
Oh, shit. My name is moses mark that shit. Let me walk down the middle
Let me eat it like a griddle
Let me eat your pancakes and your pussy
Let me be your apprentice. You're a beauty
You're a beauty. Some words always rhyme
All the time he never got a rhyme south with anything but mouth and Gary Busey is a pussy
Chris Tucker motherfucker
City chitty butter nutter
I fuck your mama so hard so guess where I did it probably a yard
Oh
Some words will always rhyme
But in this unstable time
You need to reach out like a wangchung bridge in a pop song
Oh, I eat M&M's and I see your mama's pussy
Horizon and I'm joining it
For a journey
Into infinity
Yo, uh girl seems like so long ago when you came from around the way
Yo, did you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying girl
Oh
Yeah, you heard that
Drinking your titty milk
It's all soft like silk that's another pair of words that will always rhyme
Song is singing
You know this song is singing
Yeah
How come all the people be fighting all the time?
Ladies gentlemen, the only thing we have to fear is fear itself
2016 motherfucker
What a blast event tonight this has been a Harmontown
I'm sat here for Jeff Davis. We have a bunch of people to thank churches in the house. Say, thank you Nolan Fabrikas
Zac McKeever, Kris Boruff of Sarah Hill, Steve Levy come on people you love these people Spencer Crittenden
Rob Schrab. Thank you so much for stopping by
People eat less meat for Rob if you can
I've been Brandon Johnson in for the lovely Jeff Davis who is in st. Louis get out of there homie
Get out of there
Homie
Good night
The call is coming from the house
Did you get any of that
Last night's guest is the Speedy's